---
title: Terms of Use
permalink: /terms-of-use/
---
Thank you for visiting [www.sfemc.org](/index.html) ("this Web Site"). By accessing and using this Web Site, you shall be deemed to have accepted to be legally bound by these Terms of Use and the privacy policy which can be accessed [here](/privacy/). If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Web Site and discontinue your access immediately.

**General**  
These Terms of Use may be changed from time to time by SFEMC in its sole discretion and without prior notice. Any changes will be posted on this page and upon your use of this Web Site after such changes have been posted, you shall be deemed to have been aware of such changes and your use of this Web Site shall constitute your agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use as modified. In addition to these terms and conditions, additional terms and conditions may apply for access to certain parts of this Web Site. By accessing such parts of this Web Site, you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by such additional terms and conditions as stated in the parts of this Web Site where such access is made available. Where there is any inconsistency between hese terms and conditions and the additional terms and conditions, the additional terms and conditions shall to the extent of such inconsistency, prevail.

**Proprietary Rights**  
The materials located in this Web Site including but not limited to text, images, photographs, video, audio, graphics, software programs and the links (the "Contents"), are protected by copyright, trademark and other forms of proprietary rights. All rights, title and interest in the Contents are owned by, licensed to or controlled by SFEMC.

**Restrictions on use of Contents**  
You shall not reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, adapt, modify or otherwise display, distribute or exploit in any way, without the prior written permission of SFEMC this Web Site or any part thereof including the Contents or any part thereof.

**Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability**  
The Contents of this Web Site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, SFEMC does not warrant and hereby disclaims any warranty, express or otherwise implied to the fullest extent of the applicable laws: i. as to the accuracy, correctness, completeness, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose or satisfactory quality of the Contents or any part thereof; and ii. that the Contents or any part thereof or any functions associated therewith will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected or that this Web Site and the server is and will be free of all viruses, worms and/or other harmful or invasive elements. SFEMC assumes no responsibility for the consequences of any errors or omissions. In no event shall SFEMC be liable to you or anyone else for any injury, damage, loss or expense of any kind, direct and indirect, including but without limitation, special or consequential damage, or economic loss arising from or in connection with the use of this Web Site, the Contents or any part thereof, including but not limited to any injury, damage or loss suffered as a result of reliance on the Contents or any part thereof contained in or made available from this Web Site. In no event shall SFEMC have any responsibility or liability for any injury, damage, loss or expense caused by any negligence, omission or fault of its agents, advisors, consultants or contractors in connection of with this Web Site including the Contents or any part thereof.

**Right of Access**  
SFEMC reserves all rights to deny or restrict access to this Web Site to any particular person, or to block access from a particular Internet address to this Web Site, at any time, without ascribing any reasons whatsoever.

**Links from this Web Site to other web sites**  
This Web Site contains hyperlinks to web sites which are not maintained by SFEMC. SFEMC is not responsible for the contents of those web sites and shall not be liable for any injury, damages, loss or expense howsoever arising from access to those web sites. Use of the hyperlinks and access to such web sites are entirely at your own risk. Hyperlinks to other web sites are provided solely for the convenience of the users. The contents of the other web sites, services or goods are not maintained or controlled by SFEMC. SFEMC is therefore not responsible for the availability, accuracy or reliability of the contents of the other web sites. In no circumstances shall SFEMC be considered to be associated or affiliated with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on web sites to which this Web Site is linked.

**Links to this Web Site from other web sites**  
Except as set forth below, caching and links to, and the framing of this Web Site or the Contents or any part thereof are prohibited. You must secure prior permission from SFEMC prior to hyperlinking to, or framing, this Web Site or the Contents or any part thereof, or otherwise engaging in similar activities. SFEMC reserves the right to impose in its sole discretion any terms and conditions when permitting any hyperlinking to, or framing of this Web Site or the Contents or any part thereof and you agree to be bound and shall observe all such terms and conditions. SFEMC reserves all rights to disable any links to, or frames of any site containing inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topics, names, material or information, or material or information that violates any written law, any applicable intellectual property, proprietary, privacy or publicity rights. SFEMC reserves the right to disable any unauthorised links or frames and disclaims any responsibility for the content available on any other site reached by links to or from this Web Site or any of the Contents.

**Governing Law**  
By accessing this Web Site, you agre that the laws of the Republic of Singapore shall govern such access as well as the application of these terms and conditions. Further, you agree to submit to the non exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts regarding any and all disputes relating to these terms and conditions and/or use of this Web Site.